Alt Liivs/Librarian Liiv.md, before:

# Liivya (she/they)
Medium humanoid (_Anime cat-girl_), lawfull good
Wizard 9 (Feline Arcanist), Paladin 7 (Oath of Academia)

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Armor Class 20 (magical armor)
Hit Points 69
Speed 25ft

--------------------------------------------------------------------------


| Strength | Dexterity | Constitution | Intelligence | Wisdom | Charisma |
| -------- | --------- | ------------ | ------------ | ------ | -------- |
|    13    |     8     |       16     |      19      |  16    |   15     |

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Skills and Tools: +7 Inspiration, +9 Ausie Lore, +14 Statistics, Wooden Ruler
Resistances: Ego Damage
Conditions: Partial Blindness

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

### Rule out the Wicked
Through the power of her statistics skill, Liiv can successfully identify false claims in academic work and day to day conversations, and smite the liars with a trusty wooden ruler.

### Pre-de-doxification
%%
Get it, Prestidigitation? XD
%%
Well set boundaries and good self insight help Liiv not to dox herself and oftentimes prevent others from doing the same.

### Sixth Sense
Feline arcanum brings about Liiv unhuman abilities. For extended periods of time she gains the ability to reply to every message, greet every chatter, welcome every raid, and shout out every fellow content creator. It's a sight to behold, and a frightening one at that.

Commit message:

feat: librarian lore from back in those days

Alt Liivs/Librarian Liiv.md, after:

# Liivya (she/they)
Medium humanoid (_Anime cat-girl_), true neutral
Wizard 19 (Order of Scribes), Warlock 1 (Celestial)

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Armor Class 20 (magical armor)
Hit Points 69
Speed 25ft

--------------------------------------------------------------------------


| Strength | Dexterity | Constitution | Intelligence | Wisdom | Charisma |
| -------- | --------- | ------------ | ------------ | ------ | -------- |
| 10       | 10        | 10           | 20           | 10     | 10       |

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Skills and Tools: +7 Perception , +9 Religion, +14 History, Scribes Tools
Resistances: Ego Damage
Conditions: Forced Neutrality

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

#### Rule out the Wicked
Through the power of her statistics skill, Liiv can successfully identify false claims in academic work and day to day conversations, and smite the liars with a trusty wooden ruler.

#### Pre-de-doxification
%%
Get it, Prestidigitation? XD
%%
Well set boundaries and good self insight help Liiv not to dox herself and oftentimes prevent others from doing the same.

#### Sixth Sense
Feline arcanum brings about Liiv unhuman abilities. For extended periods of time she gains the ability to reply to every message, greet every chatter, welcome every raid, and shout out every fellow content creator. It's a sight to behold, and a frightening one at that.

#### Records of the World
The Liibrarian is the custodian of the records of the world. Their library contains everything that has ever happened. A friendly creature may request permission to enter the library and search for anything they desire. Any creature in the library gain a +5 bonus to any History, Arcana, Religion and Investigation check.
